1.
What type would you choose for the following “numbers”? 
A person’s telephone number: String
A person’s height: Byte
A person’s age: Byte
A person’s gender (Male, Female, Prefer Not To Answer): Char
A person’s salary : Double
A book’s ISBN : String
A book’s price : Double
A book’s shipping weight : Double
A country’s population : Int
The number of stars in the universe : ulong
The number of employees in each of the small or medium businesses in the 
United Kingdom (up to about 50,000 employees per business) : ushort

2.
What are the difference between value type and reference type variables? What is 
boxing and unboxing?
1) Value type directly contain their data/values, have their own copy of data and operation on one cannot effect another, cannot accept NULL value, uses struct or enum to create,
not collected by garbage collector, and stored in stack memory.

Reference types holds their memory address for this value, two reference variables can reference the same object, and operation on one can effect another, 
uses Class, interface, or Array to create, can accept null values, collected by garbage collector,CLR which contains GC, and is stored in heap memory.

Boxing converts value type to reference type, while unboxing converts reference type to value type


3.
What is meant by the terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .NET
	Managed resources are managed by the Common Language Runtime (CLR), when an object is no longer used, the Garbage Collector cleans it up.
	Unamanaged resources are resources that are managed outside the CLR, which include the Garbage Collector. Memory management for unmanaged resources is done by the coder.
4.
Whats the purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET? 
The Garbage Collector is an automatic memory manager. It doesn't need to manually release memory and allocates objects on managed heap efficiently.

Controlling Flow and Converting Types

1) What happens when you divide an int variable by 0?
	A DivideByZero Exception is thrown
2) What happens when you divide a double variable by 0?
	No exception is thrown but results in positve infinity, negative infinity or NaN (not a number)
3) What happens when you overflow an int variable, that is, set it to a value beyond its 
range? 
	An overflow exception is thrown in an checked context. In an unchecked context, the non-significant bits are discarded that don't fit the destination type
4) What is the difference between x = y++; and x = ++y;? 
	In x = y++, Y is assigned to x then y will increment.
	In x = ++y, the value of y will be incremented, then the result will assign to x
5)What is the difference between break, continue, and return when used inside a loop 
statement? 
	Break statement ends the entire loop and continunes executing after the loop
	Continue breaks the current loop and starts a new iteration of the loop
	Return ends the method call and continues executing after the method call
6) What are the three parts of a for statement and which of them are required? 
	For Statement includes the initializor, condition and increment/decrement
	Condition is required
7) What is the difference between the = and == operators? 
	The = is an assignment operator assigns values to variables
	The == is a comparison operator returns true or false
8)Does the following statement compile? for ( ; true; ) ;
	It does compile, only the condition expression is required. Outputs an infinite loop
9)What does the underscore _ represent in a switch expression? 
	Represents the default return value
10)What interface must an object implement to be enumerated over by using the foreach 
statement? 
	IEnumerable interface
	
	
	
	